See observation.txt
MARATAC Heirloom Compass V3
suunto mc-2, mc-9
nDur
https://huckberry.com/store/brunton/category/p/81619-truarc-15-luminous-compass
https://www.suunto.com/Product-search/See-all-compasses/
http://www.imepregt.com
https://www.facebook.com/IMEPREGT/
https://www.facebook.com/IMEPRE
Geosystem Ingenieria, Suunto
Armadillo, Rothco
https://waypointsurvival.com/buy-merch-1
https://blackscoutsurvival.com/field-watch-band-compass-titanium/


DON'T GET LOST | The proper way to read your compass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faekakYwkR8
Find your location on a map & identify features
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTNJOpLcT4k
Land Navigation Course (The Compass) Lesson 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PojHS2gFq10
Compass UNDERRATED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4MFKhpVtpE
Use a Lensatic Compass with a map & without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI7C8VlbYfI
How to Use a Compass || REI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cF0ovA3FtY
Using A Compass And Readings..Do you want to see more?.. Rate /Write.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq0HNbWr2jg
In and Out Navigation: The Easiest Way to Use a Compass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZF-RKJcODQ
THIS is how to use a Compass (Lensatic Compass for beginners)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVJVZtLmAb4
How I Use a Map & Compass to Navigate Off Trail - The Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNj0vaE9fgw
Advanced Navigation & Compass Tips from a Survival Instructor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYKystMcazw
The Best Watch Compass for SURVIVAL (BlackScoutSurvival)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yH05wUI86xg
How to Navigate with a Watch Band Compass (BlackScoutSurvival)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4rP179LZN0
How to use a compass bezel.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfLRc-X4Lqk
Compass Deviation : That's Just How it Be Sometimes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmtlZB4aTNY
Button Compasses (Let's Talk About them)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G93bxVaOd6s
"Killed by a Compass" - - - bushcraft / survival gear - - - button compass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRaT-NqtUCk

Suunto
✔️ 2 Year Update - Suunto MC-2 Global
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-LyBuoq6Tk
Navigation: Compass Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmKBrQpZ6U8
SUUNTO MC-2 COMPASS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4X5pD_RTI8s
Suunto MC-2G Compass (Setting Magnetic Declination on the Suunto)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuHUjuYwyQU
https://www.magnetic-declination.com
Global needle
Suunto M-3G Global Compass vs non-global needle compass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbt8ZOPvDQQ
How To Use A Suunto Clipper Watch Compass/Button Compass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uDmYWTBdTI

Cammenga 3H
How To Use A Lensatic Compass For Beginners - Cammenga 3H
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiipaN5iXXY

https://kylecorry.com/Trail-Sense/
https://github.com/kylecorry31/Trail-Sense
https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.kylecorry.trail_sense/
